[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: I
think what we can do now,
is folks that want to take the plunge,
can start doing that.
I'll come around and help anybody who
wants to go through the actual deploy
process and/or answer any questions
about anything else that we had today.
If you are planning on doing
the Elastic Beanstalk deployment,
we just sat and did it for
a good 30 minutes.
So that's probably about the budget
that you had set at this point for
getting that going.
Which is totally cool and
it's kind of why we're here,
or one of the reasons why we're here.
So if you're down to give it a shot,
I will handhold
all of your way through
that process as best I can.
>> Speaker 2: And you're planning on
writing some documentation about this too?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah,
as part of the written materials I'd
like to do some written
stuff on this as well.
>> Speaker 3: So all the stuff that was
just deployed, is that all free, then,
to run or is it hourly?
Is there any hourly?
>> Kevin Whinnery: All the stuff that
I used was within the free tier.
Like all the instances were T2 micros.
So yeah, this was within the free tier.
But you can sort of dial up any of
the individual pieces to more expensive.
>> Speaker 4: So you could run a ton
of little applications like this on
free tier, and then it's just when
you want to dial them up is when
the charges will start coming in.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, yeah and I think
the free tier is my understanding is you
have 12 months with it or something and
then you start paying regardless.
But yeah,
I think at this at this level and
I think there might be
limitations on numbers as well.
>> Speaker 5: 750 hours.
>> Kevin Whinnery: 750 hours?
>> Speaker 5: A month.
>> Kevin Whinnery: A month
is the free tier limit.
>> Speaker 5: So
it's 1 instance in 31 days.
If you got 2 instances, it's 15 days.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Of computer time,
essentially.
>> Speaker 5: Yeah.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Gotcha.
>> Speaker 4: So you want to make sure
you aren't just spinning these up all
the time.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Not willy nilly, no.
I'd be lying if I said I didn't have like
a monthly $15 Amazon bill that I just have
no idea that.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
That's what I'm afraid.
>> Speaker 3: Just opt for
the $15,000 Enterprise one?
>> Kevin Whinnery: [LAUGH]
I don't know man.
But no, I think I just have
enough little stuff where
I've ran out of the free
tier on a couple accounts.
>> Speaker 6: For
those of us that want to go through this.
I mean, could you go through that
list slower, the whole set up?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Mm-hm.
>> Speaker 6: Cuz you went through it fast
enough that there was no way I could be
here and watching at the same.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yep, absolutely,
I can definitely do that.
I can kind of go back into
the environment that we just created.
And show you some of the bits that we had
to configure kind of from the beginning,
if that helps.
All right, so
great request is to kind of retrace
the steps of that deploy now that we.
There's a lot of downtime in there that
where we might have missed some things.
So I'll just go through and
retrace the steps of the deployment from
top to bottom, or
provisioning the new environment.
So the first thing that I did,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Was here in
the console.
I go down to my Identity &
Access Management interface.
And if I don't have one already,
I'm gonna create a user for use in
essentially deploying stuff like getting
credentials to deploy stuff to Amazon.
So we create a new user with a username
and I'll just delete that one right away.
So we create the user and
then we download the credential,
the security credentials for that user.
And so we can use that to authenticate
the Elastic Beanstalk command line
interface later.
After we create that user,
>> Kevin Whinnery: Here I'll just
delete that right away,
>> Kevin Whinnery: All right,
so after we create that user,
we wanna add that user to a group.
So we check that user, and
then we say Add User to Groups.
>> Kevin Whinnery: I think I actually
already added it to the only group that I
had, like this one.
But if I do like-
>> Speaker 7: So for
how do you download the credentials?
>> Kevin Whinnery: After you create,
I'll do it one more time.
So after you create the user,
there's a button here that
says Download Credentials.
>> Speaker 7: Okay, I was trying to get
it from an existing user, so I have to.
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yeah, from an existing
you only have one opportunity to download
credentials for
a user after you create them.
Otherwise you have to regenerate
credentials for a user.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And then for
a new user that's been created,
you can add them to a group.
In my case, I only have one group,
and that's like the super admin group.
So you choose to add them to that.
>> Speaker 3: Did you have to
create that ahead of time?
Is that something we'll have to do?
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yes,
you will have to create that group.
So when you create the new group,
you can say, you call it some group.
>> Kevin Whinnery: And then after you
create the group, you can choose like
a preset policy from a list
that will apply to that group.
Administrators access
is the god mode policy.
And then there's lots of other
more granular policies you
can choose from as well.
So you create that group and
then all the users you assign to that
group will have that set of permissions.
>> Speaker 7: So it doesn't matter
the name of the group really,
it just matters that that user's
is a member of that group and
that they have admin-
>> Kevin Whinnery: Yep,
and that they have privileges on whatever
AWS resources they need to access.
And using the super admin policy
means that they have everything.
So once you have a user created
who's assigned to a group
with a sufficiently permissive policy.
Then you're ready to start
cranking out some actual stuff.